[Music]
Well family, well I'm pleased, I'm
pleased, I'm pleased because these videos
aren't monetizing any of me, they're
putting everything in yellow. What if the
energy, what if the deed arrived the
other day? Let's
see what I can say so much in
yellow,
but there's another YouTube that they
're founding because of some conversations,
the commandments already transcend, it's not
ridiculous, it
's ridiculous, I was just looking at it quickly
and the truth is that it doesn't make sense, none of it makes
sense, but anyway,
let's comment on them, the cover that they
made for
Roberto Same, okay, first of all,
first of all, let's go, it
's a Twitter account, man,
this always starts the same, it makes us a
little lazy, even an
anonymous Twitter account created exclusively for this,
okay, Liliana's starts. Hello, this has been
going on for a long time, but I'm
concerned about the reach that this
person has and everything he has done and
can do. He reached his community. When I
was 14 years old and I was a big fan, I was
excited by every interaction I
had with him. Let me clarify this for the following:
in March of 2019, Roberto was in my
city  and I didn't want to see him obviously I
was 16 out the subject is over
the subject is over his name is this kid is super
young yes I also did not send him a
message or what is seen in the image
now after I uploaded the photo to twitter
and he sent me the message of the second
capture
and I already have it I have it thanks king
now now something that is here I do not believe
the m to the mother with your photo from twitter
maybe if we can do something more you
tell him to give he says he can't but
when the photo ended
in my innocent mind of 16 years old let's see
and we intensity listen to me innocent let's
see let's
see what the [ __ ] is going on man in my
innocent mind in my innocent mind of 16 years old
I was putting the
three wise men in the cookies okay I put the cookies and
the milk next to the table camilla' I
went to bed I wanted to get out of
bed early so that a drug dealer wouldn't catch me
in the hallway because I'm
scared of drug dealers I have a phobia of a
camel phobia and suddenly ricard 26
estero roberto 6 how do you  llama kept
bothering me for being there
Roberto that I have to sleep that Santa Claus is
coming or that the
wise man's camel is coming please and Roberto didn't
let me and I was with science wine waiting for the
camels and the camels didn't come
then he started saying things like that I was
looking for him to say directly what he
wanted to be like in capture you see I
thought there would be several of us
but if there are only us and if it's only you and me
and if I want to go to a place where they are
built comfortable and only they know what I'm
talking about
and is it good or bad that you know that it wasn't a
joke xv then it would happen well now I'm
telling you you can't leave early
basically because on Wednesday we can
use the whole afternoon and I'll tell you
live if you would like to consummate the act
with me before everything on my flight
regarding
give a little clean okay yes everyone
everyone give a little cream he began
asking me where I lived and what I
prefer I care or rather no, in reality
no I'm not interested in him or reading more because
if she is 16 to be somewhere it says
stay has the stay has Roberto
Saint someone can tell me  but
they discarded he doesn't have more than he leaves here
to the kid and no this kid is youtube
kids turbo plan 10 years ago this
kid will have what
this kid will be 20 21 right now
and looks less
more than 20 he has
or rather we're talking that at that
time he could be 19 19 18
flirting with a 16 year old but how well
done
25 you don't have you no way
let's listen to the piece
and we'll see that and today they
published this thread in which I didn't
get to read it all no if the law everything
is reliable if this one
where they talk about how I sent messages to
a person to a subscriber who
responded to a story and I made
suggestive comments although
we wanted something like I don't know what about how about yeah ok
okay I'm going to talk about this
yes I'm going to talk about this but before that I
'm fed up okay I'm fed
up because there are a ton of people
remembering everything that has been thrown at me
throughout the five years that I've been
streaming on  twitch i've been
on twitch for five years i know what it's like to get
knocked down on these types of topics i know what it's like when they
want to tell you something but and they
want to melt you like that and it's ugly it
's shitty but at the end of the day it's
also part of the job it's part of
the mistakes that one makes the mistakes
that one has to recognize sometimes so
yeah okay first of all i'm
not going to talk from the beginning okay
this is something that I haven't done i think i've
done it exclusively but it's okay it's not the
first time that someone has opened a thread against me on
twitter okay it's not the first time they had already
done it before
the first time they did it a girl
from uruguay crowe if i'm not mistaken who
said that i made a suggestive comment to her it
's the same the same way in the
end that never transcended to
anything because obviously it was noticeable that
these captures weren't me birds or rather
immediately it was false it was from shooting
a burst it can't be seen it didn't vary
clearly so much because of the way of writing
so much because of the way of the way that there will be
I simply and simply wasn't me what
was what  what happened with this happened is that
this girl published these screenshots I don't know
if it was because of the desire to do something out
of this world I don't know in short
one day after the announcement we're going to
be on the weird streams
we're going to get into twitch but I
wasn't 19 years old 18 years old I think I don't know how old it
really was a long time ago anyway that
never went any further because the
reality is that no it's not it wasn't true that was
n't true okay this is what she did is the
comment that this girl made like
four years ago made other people
come out and also expose me to also
say things about me about 34 other girls
also talked about the subject some
really didn't pay attention to them because at
no time had I spoken to those
girls many times but there were two girls
on this occasion two girls on this
occasion who spoke and honestly at
that time if it was real the truth I mean they
were two girls with whom
conversations were exchanged I was 19
years old they were 21 the other I think
was like 25 one of them I think was a
girlfriend friend I haven't
heard well family they were they
were canceling him because of some
conversations in which he  I was 19 and
the girl was 21
is what she said
according to her tweet she is 22 now javi we
will be talking in detail flirting
with a 16 year old
but but I didn't understand and the way
then why was it
but the area because it was he was 19 and
the girls were already two leagues older
like in the move
any day I drag with the lady
in the open they looked at the chat when
I am on television to the ceo not to know some
streamer that I am not going to mention and is so as
not to involve other people but she
was real I exchange
conversations with her we sent each other hints, things,
photos
maybe and I don't know what and in the end she
ended up exposing me by publishing the
screenshots saying that I had made her
uncomfortable and I don't know what and obviously
I felt like a dick at that moment
because I thought if we were doing
something right I thought if we were this I don't
know guys I thought we were already that's all I didn't
think there was going to be any
problem there because I
am a cow no
because my soul has no time without a
name I have
fallen you see
me you do
n't  I fall we're still alive
this girl sent me a message saying
oh oh oh yeah taking pictures give me host and I
how do you want it I don't understand I don't understand
honestly I already told her obviously no
what's wrong with you I'm not going to do that I don't know what
the [ __ ] all of you are really using
there she obviously told me and she
said oh I know they hurt you a lot but
like this you didn't hurt me you made me call me a
pedophile rapist you made me
call me a stalker you made me
treat me in the most horrible way you
made all my social networks
fill with something horrible for something that
was true but in any case neither
you nor I had done anything wrong
so in any case it was horrible to see
that obviously after that she
blocked me because I told her everything that I
'm telling you right now she blocked me and from
then on I didn't hear from her again and I hope I
never hear from her again honestly
honestly chan ok now I have to
admit several things if honestly I
started doing streams at 17
years old just turned 17
17 18 19 18 19 20 21 22 23 we're almost here then
no then despite the
16 damn it because in April we
just turned pal
when the point is that I've been
making content for the internet for almost six years
[Music]
seven years almost six almost six years and I do
n't have to lie to you I don't have to tell you anything because I'm proud of you but it's the reality and it's something that people who knew me when I was streaming at 18 19 20 years old don't know if I ever
met with some
of you people to go out and talk
about other more risqu things or rather I do
n't know going out to take such an exit because
I have acknowledged it here
publicly I am not proud of this
egg action that's cool that the
content creators to banesto to everyone
no way no but the reality is that yes I
did it and I went out with some people yes you
must see me with some people yes I did
things that today I am not
proud of even a little bit ok let's clarify let's
clarify that of course I do not know today  I
was 18 19 20 years old and in my
stupid mind I thought that wasn't
taking advantage of being known. I thought
that wasn't taking advantage of my
numbers that it was ah okay the box
okay okay okay now I understand the novelty the
cancellation and what they throw in your face is
taking advantage of being known to flirt
or rather in reality while in your fights
going with another older person that is
also cancelable today no from
what I see no well I would do it I would
have a thread that if I had
caught this single
and what is good I
would be 45 and what you can't
take advantage of let's see each one takes advantage of their
power not
knowing you don't get involved understand to flirt
and you go and it's a social network what you go
through is cutting your photo there you have to
go pin pin pin pin pin pin and you go
choosing that 77 no well if I already have
my followers I am already here put I already
know myself for something so simple I go
looking at who follows me and I respond to
whoever is talking to me no and if
someone ever talks to me that I like to freak out freak
out now but  you see it's crazy one
thing is that you another thing is that you take
advantage of your power to abuse people
who are not in their position in
their full faculties a minor
okay but a person of my age a
person of your age
what the hell is going on there what the hell is going on there the one taking
advantage is her she's
hooking up with a handsome and famous guy
but we're the same as men and
women but let's see why can't I
use my faculties the ones that I have
just like if the physical to flirt
then what I use well there will
be people who use
their money in their faculties to buy
better clothes to show off more it's up to
the other person what catches their
attention in what they look for when
someone tells them no it's worth
saying you take it and leave you and you meet
people according to the money they have or
according to the followers they have because of the
problem that person who is using it doesn't have
and who is
taking advantage of it,
for example, to look for a
serious partner that I think that one thing is
not that you have to look for it but that it has to be
mediated okay to look for a
person with  the one to be serious or to
choose a person for who is
seriously better said no I would not choose
a person who is interested in me for the
numbers the best although she is interested in
me because of who I am okay she changes
things but that I to flirt I use my
reach of course what fascinates the most
but not that I have it easier because
people are going to choose me for being famous but
because I have more possibilities of
meeting people
since each one uses the situation of
their life in their own way and it suits them well or
badly I mean I am not famous ok let's clarify that
I am not famous but taking advantage of the fact that I
was known that I had friends that maybe
those people really liked
or I don't know maybe in any case
I was never like hey you know what it is you
want to go [ __ ] them I was never like
that I made sure that another person spoke to me
and from there we saw what was
going on okay I am not proud and to this
day I am not and today I
realize that that is wrong today
I am 23 years old almost 24 this year in July
all that I did at some point I know
that  it is wrong to take advantage of the fact
that someone is well-known to pick up other
girls, pick up friends, even to
get one or two things, it is wrong and it
is something that today in my streams I
cancel and disapprove of in an
incredibly huge way, really, because
how bad it is, how bad it is that you get to
know more than anything the damage that
another person can do, but because it is
good that we gave, but why are you going to
disapprove that using being well-known
to pick up, to flirt, is that I do not understand
why,
what is the reasoning for that,
I am already open to hearing our
opinions, if someone can refute it, there are already
more than 2,000
people here right now, if someone wants to give me their
opinion on this, I listen to it with a
totally open mind to listen,
but I want a logical argument in brawn,
what is the what is the argument,
what is the compelling reason why that is
wrong, why
because I cannot use it, okay, if there is
someone here in the tailcoat right now,
think about it, please put it in a
super, whatever it is, okay, let's
listen to it, this
is not an attack or to debate or
anything, but  just to listen to it is
worth understanding it because I can't
find it right now thinking thinking
thinking I can't find what
the reason would be
continuing with these topics I'm going to talk about
all the times that these
types of things have been thrown at me at some point this happened with
this girl that I told you about from Uruguay and we
clarified that to clarify about the
next girl I
think at another time I do
n't know if it really was a teacher with
talks photos came out a text came out I do
n't know Dallas talked about me Dallas talked about
me that I had this one had asked
some boys for photos and what Dallas did was
when I think he was winning against a
garrison he was fighting with that 3
then Dallas and also I think we
discussed it I think there is an excerpt that
gives context don't destroy Roberto
but Roberto didn't get much into the
move and go ahead he said the thing about you I'm
going to cancel you very hard or I will
cancel you I don't remember something like that
15 year old girl that was barely when I was 23
which is honestly a vile lie
it's something that is not true I love  my 23
in my [ __ ] life would be like today
coasts erased in life oh in life would be to
do that honestly it
is something that I cannot even understand
to this day I can not think that at my
23 how can they come up with such an
atrocity I do not even have
good afternoon tasty old man I love to
see you always and when I am down
because of depression you make me happier
than normal I am very glad I really appreciate
that this shitty face can make you
smile the truth because what a
shitty face you had today that I am
seeing and in the corner and as if I am
half
moving between that I am an idiot and that I appear here with this face that is to hit me with a stick but with a dripping cardboard stick not the slightest idea ok I do not have the slightest idea that this or that is that that could have happened seriously I have no idea and
honestly I know that those captures or that
gossip or whatever has reached
Dallas' ears he did not say it simply and
simply because like this I am not almost  I'm
sure this gossip came out because
an ex-partner of mine might tell him things about
me that I shouldn't have said
and in any case things that weren't
true either and today he's a person
I've spoken about several times and I'm not going to
stop with that kind of
thing again ok well let's
see if he speaks in public I'm sure we
can locate who is who
will be who
the
bullet is about I don't know what he was accusing him of
specifically if you are minors and you are I do
n't know what or whatever according to what he
has specifically but if he already talks about the subject it
would be to locate what the control and
compare it with that and based on and take
an average it would be an average of no euros and
others yes you are more handsome than dicaprio
totally also virtual and change right
now the other one took a photo
of dicaprio on the beach and right now
well but sometimes I find facts
and finally I can finally say that I have
the body of leonardo dicaprio
literally finally I can say it I've been
wanting to say it my whole life
finally I can say what I have the
body of leonardo dicaprio
at that moment is the ex girlfriend  mine
you know everything that happened she invented a
thousand and one things on twitter also
everywhere I talk my [ __ ] about
everyone to streamers to youtubers to
content creators everywhere it
was horrible for a long time going to
any event and they greeted me like
oyola you want something it was horrible
horrible but in any case I can
understand to a certain point why a lot of
people would take that as something credible or
something that did happen okay then I can
understand it a hundred percent and everything now
fifteen minutes later to those who are
arriving I explain to them I give them the context
the context the context in 50 years
dedicated to priority it's
not bad at all
the heels I've
seen a lot of cachondeto this is not the
current one maybe not
but look you see it takes us more to the
dad body but what's wrong with the
body literally literally
this man seems to you to be
wrong he
is a muscle but this man is wrong
or it seems that this man is wrong he is
not what he was of course of
course he is
not 20 years old of course
but it's not that bad
you know what it seems to me what's happening with
this video it's contributing so much to me
that the entity  s either it
goes well or it doesn't go well whatever,
every day I believe my career as a
content creator goes in different
directions and I'm not going to continue allowing myself
normal,
I'll try when I reach that age
which I still have like 12 years 2 or
13 years
I'll try to support myself but man there are
few people there's also a time the
best thing is that doesn't have time for the gym doesn't
have time for sports doesn't have time
for or do you feel like eating Maite his lady
supports him a little take care of yourself you know but look
listen to me not bad the man in the
same mistakes of the past I'm not going to
continue allowing myself to do that
kind of things because no no it has
really changed too much
last year I had to live through things that I never
thought I would have to live through and the
truth is I don't think I'll repeat the
mistakes I've made I don't think I'll
do it again because it's an idiot if
you make a mistake and you can't come back from
it you simply can't
come back from it okay
now something else in this and I had
finished all my final
law exams and I passed all of them or law
now for the second semester a
huge kiss tasty old man how old are you
javi 28 to 30 years old because anything but
24-24 I have to be stupid in the honor we
were talking about a girl who
has
[Music]
[ __ ] well she's a little less she's
and she takes years off they asked her on
TV how old she was and she said 32 and it's like I
took a year off you
what does it matter
but why say another
34141 if she's 39 she's 39 731 she's 31
and she has
46 booties 46
belongs to her you don't have to they don't have her
or the bad thing would be not to comply it's not that I don't
understand well friend tell me about the
thread in that thread that this girl published
there comes something that really more than
hurting me than frustrating me it made me
very angry oh a lot this girl like
many other people get into the
plan that it was to attack me in the sense
that I say nothing supports feminism
to be able to feel it like gaining my
audience and other things which is a
stupid lie really for a
long time I was literally the guy who
made fun of  of feminism the guy who did
n't understand it the guy who didn't
understand it and really came out
is the typical quality of who has done
[ __ ] hasn't
done [ __ ] if then he becomes a
mess of him beyond the world so that
[ __ ] no longer exists or to say
that he knows built it is not built for me it is a little bit of I
can't use that one that is wrong
and I totally reproach it the fact that
your fame is used to flirt it is like
utility he
is telling me the tone
I am 22 years old and that my idol is 13
years older than me is the most beautiful thing thank you
very much thank you as equals
since I did not understand why the girls were there have
been so many movements that I did
not understand all the accusations that there
are today of all that cannot
now that this girl has told me is it or not that
my idol has the
[Music]
proper that she has sent us no now that she
says us about my idol is three years older
than me worth and the other day no the other day
no when the manga was when it was
even better no at the door at the door
of the manga a boy stopped me  He didn't
ask me for pictures or anything they just
stopped me and he stopped me and said javi
you love me
you love me I see you all the time
and you [ __ ] up your [ __ ] life
Isaac kisses king thank you very much
welcome to the family
remind you all that it's not normal to be content with your
laurels and that you become a member that there
's a special price for it that
only costs 0 with 99 a month it's
like he invited me to a coffee I definitely need a coffee I'm here that I'm falling asleep and that you become members guys that we have stagnated the 2400 2500 that you become a member I'm going to understand and at some point I went
to this person and this person who was
laughing piece person who was sharing memes
making fun of that what happened
a few days people who didn't show
what really happened to you
surely they ate your head and
pulled your ear or they
were throwing it in your face the goal you wanted
that everyone we make mistakes
some more and others less and of the
realities  so that to justify all
the [ __ ] that you have done is worth being
able to say but it is already reality
I am already built it is no longer worth having
the purpose of the movement because it did not
get out of it they are not canceled or rather
you can have done any
[ __ ] the most beastly that occurs to you
but if it really proves to have become
regional realities of
the region is at full capacity
region is financing knowing how to walk the
same tube okay because people are like that they
are renewing the membership and such but I
see a lot of people in the chat today we
lock up the schedule that but I see a lot of
people who are not members
0 with 99 family 0 with 99 in family
areas that really showed me that they
were doing something good 1 if
people the day that tells us not to
become members the numbers fall apart the
numbers fall apart the day that I do
not say it
the day that I do not say it here and that time I do
not say it for here and each one who
knows
why you are not with the lordship seriously
pilar has come to look for me here
seriously pilar
or in other words the lordship measuring me here to
ask me for explanations the
region was totally built for him no longer
hater and became a member and everything no no
but he became a member even of interest
to the ceo of pressure the region is a man
totally built seriously pillar
the serious pillar the lordship living here
demand that I do now at night
I will see if I go to teles to the pse or not right
now I had to tell you something
considerate the kids who really
every day had to be fighting so
that they weren't screwing them over
to their friends and also things and
unfortunately during that time I had to
live through some very ugly things that to this day I have to
remember losing friends a
moment ally must have some things
in the past now are previous wins the
same eta red heart see it's not a thing
the key ever welcome king thank you very much and
berg welcome to the family
the question is neither one thing nor the other nor
exaggerated or anything nor that it is a
dirty point of [ __ ] nor that it is in reality it
is exaggerated when you are a reality
exaggerated
is when you are completely ashamed
of your [ __ ] [ __ ]
you disgust yourself the
normal thing is that you have made some
mistakes that you have said some other
donkey edit in your life well I have to
go see my grandparents if it's
someday here in Valencia I'll invite you to
the coffees you want a huge kiss
for you to Lorena too thank you very much
a big kiss for having
said some stupid thing
of course whatever any some
stupid thing or some face of
the normal
everyone makes mistakes in fact
life tries to make mistakes when you keep making mistakes
based on mistakes is when you keep
improving as a person
there are people who learn because
any advice to cope with the
stay in the hospital I am with Kobe
quite badly admitted thanks for
entertaining me well
nothing use take advantage
man thank you very
much thank you very much to feel it to see
inside the bad take advantage to laze
souls to everything that you can laze us
when you are good well what I do
is hit pay to
touch the noses touch fabric the
very same ones did not count video
could be to laze to be a lazy to
enjoy the valley and that's it there
time passes equally you realize this
dark and  He doesn't warn us okay it's that he did
n't see us again
simply because they went off with their
boyfriends seeing how some friends really
suffered from rape and cool things
and in any case to this day they don't
believe them and a thousand more cases that I
could be mentioning pressures the
point today always I simply
tell them I can understand every day and
every day I will understand that
after something like that something as atrocious and
horrible as what I am
currently being accused of many of you
say like this Roberto supports feminism in a
hypocritical way it's not worth it if you don't
want to believe me it's fine but you don't have to
doubt even a little bit of the
things that in reality the
real purposes that they have look welcome
welcome feminism you don't have to
doubt that type of things
what a first class ally no
if you don't want to believe me don't believe me
but feminism believe it don't doubt it even a
hair see thank you very much damn what a
first class mess no
hello Javi I know it's not much but
I got a job and I wanted to thank you
for always being with me and for giving us
riches  seo face in love to you
always if you weren't there we would
do Sebastian welcome welcome listen to me listen to
me wow wow
perfect hunger for built what an
example to follow in things you don't have to put
my opinion before or if you don't
want to believe me these types of things I
will continue to defend it will continue to
be something although obviously it is not my
movement it is a movement for
women it will continue to be something that I
will continue to defend and that I walk
sharing some other thing here it
is not my movement there it already takes the
cake it's not you see that that's what
a friend of mine told me that I wasn't even a feminist but
come on radical feminist let's give it to her
there I don't like to use other types of
terms no now a little yes but come on no no it's not that
feminism is not the fight
for men it's the fight for
women allies ever
welcome ever I hope it's
forever see listen put it late late the
fabric they trusted the move how it has been of the
good stay cute the part that we
see ourselves high or that as we the minute that
for not we are going to be right because it has
been when we have fallen not
today you are
basically recognizes the correlations
not only is there welcome welcome
thanks to all the members I'm going to
see my grandparents also period if you
come to Valencia I'll invite you to a paella
alone hahaha I would like to have
grandparents even my age Pilar you look
great my
sister let's go I would totally believe that you have your grandfather calmly look at how in the move and I'm going to leave because they are quarters that precisely that now six quarters and we are still taking advantage of the fact that they are late but at
any moment they are to the goalkeeper for sure
this one is in the squid game this one
has a name hk good afternoon h
I'm almost in the squid game and I plan to
win it and if I don't win it I plan to win it
your heart
alias upper level free the level
has all the lessons learned
currently account for one thing my
legs just fell asleep and if they
call the goalie I don't have the balls to
get up I'm totally serious
McCann from sleeping my legs and I
fall asleep many times lately I don't know what
happens to me when I sit
on the bat it also happens to me because it's [ __ ] [ __ ] the  the
thing is that he cancels him, they
do the typical thing and what he always does
and almost always is an ally to whom he
makes a thread he doesn't cancel it and it turns out that
he recognizes it, he recognizes it too because
let's be honest it's [ __ ] I think
she like Castro is please it's
really disgusting if I have a stye she gives
me a hard time because I come with glasses yes yes yes I do my
hair because they don't have to
comb my hair because I don't feel like it
because I work at home and if I want to
comb my hair I comb it and even want to be the one
live in bat water he has the water with a quilted
gown and if I open it live it burns my
face he has abi who comes very
serious that I don't know what threads go [ __ ] yourself for a
while
really is go [ __ ] yourself for a
while already
[ __ ] I'll
tell you this one who is the doorman he is
the doorman I didn't say it
the turkey it turns out that a [ __ ] of a
well now everyone is going to renew
come someone else to renew the
member cited that I have to go
the turkey he doesn't care how crazy he
recognizes the truth the recognized turkey
that yes the conversation is true
but he doesn't care that nothing happens to
see that he listens I have to acquire that the
way to flirt but that it won't happen that he
was like 19 or 20 the girl was 16 17
what is life life is about errors
Javi how nice to see you one more day I
really enjoy your company during my work
purple heart I'm glad it helps you thank you
very much welcome that the
erroneous life you as erroneous as
erroneous in front of the boyfriend so that he sees it
in life we have to reproduce
we have to procreate more and thank you very much
welcome we don't have what
but to create we have to reproduce what
if not the truth I don't find
immortality we go to hell family we
have to reproduce and apart from that we have to
reproduce that it gets encysted there is
inside this one they turn purple and as not
luck is the poison
beteta knows where it goes for that to what
part of the body it stays there from
inside the embedded poison they are
bad that is that releasing it in some
way of another no then in the end it
turns out that he cancels it the guy
recognizes it because not totally a
[ __ ] and it is simply that it was  the
liver that links it to a person is worth
great and the guy doesn't mind the funa and
that they tried to call you a
pedophile or a rapist or whatever the
guy what hurts him literal words
that he has said he is not what hurts me the most about
the thread is the fact the other what
pisses him off is that they
told him in the thread that
we haven't read that part okay what
pisses them off is that they told him that he doesn't
take feminism seriously
that they are criticizing him that Walter
welcome that they are criticizing him that he
has joined feminism now and with
this I am leaving okay
family thank you very much for your
company see you later see you later get
interested or be in children your
mothers commenting on all the gossip a
huge kiss
[Music]